ladies and gentlemen my name is
totalbiscuit and feast your eyes upon
the cynical rig mark 5 while the mark 4
as you're probably well aware had an
ancient voodoo curse which was causing
some problems here and there
unreliability issues weird performance
problems just bizarre bugbears it was a
machine that we built a few years ago
being upgraded quite a lot but
unfortunately it didn't really work out
as well as we'd hoped
now for this job there's one thing that
you really need more so than anything
else and that's reliability reliability
translates hopefully into accuracy and
inaccuracy can lead to very unfortunate
results it can lead to misleading
consumers that's terrible it can lead to
misrepresenting products that's also
terrible these are things that we do not
want so for this time around I decided
instead of building it myself because
while I can do that I am a klutz a
horrible horrible klutz as many bent
main boards and missing parts and
screwed up pins will tell you to ask
somebody else to do it for me and after
doing a lot of research I decided that
at Commission main gear to make this
system and we came to a deal they'll
build the system in return for me
showing you the system and telling you
exactly what is in it that simple that
is the nature of the agreement so let's
tell you a little bit about the specs of
this thing in fact let's dive inside it
shall we and I can show you right now
all right so first things personal it
take the full-size tempered glass window
off the side both sides of the case have
this tempered glass for thumb screws
keep it in really really nice design on
this particular case this is a modified
custom rush from main gear users some
parts that are not readily available in
the standard configurations on the main
gear site a little bit more powerful a
bit more up to date sort of based on the
needs of the job now inside this first
things first powering that we have
Intel six 900k eight core which is
running at a mild overclock of four
gigahertz it can absolutely go higher
than that there's no doubt about it but
as I mentioned start the priority first
is stability stability stability
stability so while we can push it a bit
further than that and we probably will
at some point I'd rather make sure that
it's a hundred percent right now there
we go take the side off it and you'll
see what's going on right here
you may notice immediately that this
whole thing is cooled by this rather
strange looking substance had it colored
white the whole design actually was made
by main gear themselves that went for
the white and sort of crystal cold blue
approach which I thought was really
classy very nice and we're using a soft
tube custom loop with two large
radiators which cools both the CPU and
the graphics card so we can push the
Titan X Peas that's the Titan X Pascal
additions that we have in this a lot
harder than you can regularly and also
more to the point it makes the whole
bloody thing quieter which in a
recording environment is a priority you
can see the board underneath there which
is an Asus x99 EWS or workstation board
looking for again more reliability the
ram-paige 5 had quite a few issues in
the market for so going for a
workstation board seemed like the better
way to go and the whole thing is powered
by a corsair Platinum a x1 200 IPs you
for the love of God don't ever skimp on
your PSU that is the one component you
should never skimp on it has a tendency
of taking other components with it when
it goes bad so do watch out for that we
pull back you'll notice paps in the
background the RAM that is 32 gigs of
kingston hyperx ddr4 2 6 6 6 hyper x
fury you might think well you could go
faster than that right why don't you get
three 200 well is the thing about ddr4
particularly on the x99 platform which
has a hell of a lot of memory bandwidth
performance just simply doesn't scale
well and more to the point the higher
speed you go the more instability you
tend to bring in there a lot of boards
don't fully
support that very high-speed ddr4 and
the benefits are so marginal that in
many cases both the synthetic and the
real-world benchmarks for a three two
hundred system are actually slightly
lower than two six six six and that's
not timing related either that's just a
case of it doesn't help there's no point
so reliability is he decided to go back
to the outside view there turn the
lights off it looks so lovely in the
dark so you can enjoy that for a little
while
storage wise we've got an Intel 750 1.2
terabyte that is a beast of a PCIe SSD
so that's a sequential read of 2500
megabytes a second 1200 megabyte right
and it's got a faster 4k read and write
then the smaller models do so you do get
a performance boost as well as a storage
bits from that it is a bit pricey no
doubt about it but it is one of the
fastest storage solutions on the market
great for putting games on great of
course running Windows on awesome for
scratch data for Adobe Premiere for
instance for video editing that's nice
as well we have another PCIe SSD in the
form of the 950 Pro from Samsung that's
a 512 nvme SSD that's mounted on a PCIe
adapter and last but by no means least
the mechanical drivers a six terabyte
Western Digital gold data center HD
which is designed for a lot of uptime a
lot of reliability and a ton of grind
and work which tends to happen a lot
when you're recording terabytes upon
terabytes of footage as well as reading
writing with a lot of encoding on a
nightly basis so nice to still have a
mechanical drive a lot of space that is
rock solid reliable whole things in a
big full tower case with a ton of the
latest thermal take fans and as I said
before to cooling radiators which power
the whole thing big pumps in that and a
lovely custom color on the whole thing
beautiful really really nice piece of
work we actually watched main gear build
it live and that stream thought is
available I'll put a link in the
description below this video about 4
hours long and they did a ton of Q&A if
you want to know about PC building and
all sorts of things like that the
question is is buying from a boutique
retailer a specialist right for you or
is building well when it comes to price
performance building your own is
obviously going to be
the value of getting something built by
a boutique or specialist retailer is
support it is warranty and in most cases
it is expertise if you buy from the
right place it's from people that build
a lot of these machines that do it well
and do it to a very high standard and
run it through some very rigorous
testing and that's what I was looking
for considering the ridiculous bugbears
that we had with the mark 4 I wanted to
get rid of that I wanted something that
I would not have to worry about a
machine failing is a big deal
in our line of work not to mention that
even failure is not necessarily the
problem if it's doing something weird
and it's affecting performance then the
resulting video is gonna be inaccurate
and you're gonna get bad information so
we don't want that that's the absolute
priority
so hopefully this machine is going to
provide just that it is nice and
powerful made some pretty good choices I
think you might be asking why not the 10
core there's a reason for that
in terms of gaming the 10-point gonna
help you it's also running at a lower
clock speed than the 8 core so as a
result you generally don't get as good
performance in most real-world
applications and yet adding a couple of
extra cores is going to help with
streaming and it is gonna help with
video encoding work as well for my
day-to-day why go for soft tubing over
hard tubing well the reason for that is
that we tend to upgrade our GPUs quite
regularly and hard tubing makes that a
lot trickier to do at home so with the
soft tubing it's a little easier to pull
that off if we want to do it hard to
being I will admit for some people
definitely looks a little nicer
that's up to you they offer both choices
if you want to check main gear out you
can do that - main gear comm and they
are currently having a Black Friday sale
for the next few days so if you're
looking for a new PC if you happen to be
in the market for it if you decide to
pick one up and you put the code
totalbiscuit in at the checkout you will
get a free extended warranty an extra
year on top of what you already get so a
little bit of a savings for you right
there if you so desire so far so good
with this thing it's running on like an
absolute ooh dream and I can't wait for
it to fail to play Dishonored 2 properly
just like every other bloody machine in
the universe all right you might be
thinking what's the point of having a PC
with lighting in it
if you can't do RGB yeah yeah absolutely
right
who on earth we want a stylish classy
machine when they can have this there we
go the essence of being a PC gamer
that's truly what it's all about
no it's defiling a good thing as one of
this main gear.com ladies and gentleman
those are the people that built it for
me and paid for it and if you put in the
code talk with biscuit in the checkout
you will get the three years extended
warranty thank you very much for
watching folks big thanks to main gear
for building this I'll see you next time